So now we're ready to develop our first AWOS lambda function with the Jawa.
So as you can remember we could access the AWOS benefits with A W-S toolkit using a clip side.
And I should recommend you this method because this is basically the easiest way to get up and running
with AWOS chawal lambda functions.
So I'm just going to go and close this window to show you back again how we could access this.
So from the File menu if we go down under the new option and from there to the other and let's just
type in AWOS.
And as you can see we have various options regarding lambda functions.
So you can basically create a template a project to use against a AWOS API.
With AWOS Jallow project and you can create a simple and a function and you can have a package revision
of the lambda function using the AWOS lambda Java project and you can also create a surrealist Java
project using various other technologies from AWOS.
So in our case we're going to go and create AWOS lambda Java project.
So now all selected a W-S lambda Java project since we're going to package this as a jar file.
So we're going to upload this jar file using our Python and both those re-application.
So I'm going to go and hit next and from there I'm going to go and give my project and name and I'll
say Java lambda.
And of course function.
All right.
Just like that.
And for the Mavin configuration AWOS basically uses Mavin as its default but you can change that from
the configuration of your toolkit plug in.
So I'm just going to go and keep the basic group id artifact ID version and package name for my function
and for the input type as you can see from the dropdown options you have various ways you can implement
your function for various events from other AWOS services so you can basically catch as three events.
You can catch dynamo D-B events you can process as N.S. or simple notification service events Kinesis
events and so on.
So in our case we're going to go incrementally with our implementation.
I'm just going to go and select the custom version since this is going to give us the template that
we need that we can start off and implement incrementally.
So after selecting this I'm just going to go and hit finish.
So now our project is being created and various other dependencies that are required for our project
is being fetched from the Mavin central repository.
As you can see
and here we go.
And as you can see AWOS provides us a fine and nice read me file so that we can learn how we can implement
our function and we can test our function.
And after that we can even use the toolkit to upload and invoke our AWOS lambda function with an eclipse
ID.
That's basically and perfectly fine and you can go ahead and try this.
But in our case we're going to develop our function right here.
And then we're going to upload.
And we're going to deploy our function basically using our Python application.
So now let's just go and browse our project
and within our project as you can see we have the Mavin packaging style for our application our Hendler
murtherer or händler class is located under our C slash main slash Java.
So if we go down here you can see under the package name com dot Amazon a W-S dot lambda D-Mo. and you
can see our lambda function händler Java class and within that class as you can see we have our handler
method.
And you can see that we are implementing requests handler from a W-S and request handler is giving us
the handle request method that we have to overwrite so that we can basically catch and implement our
logic within our lambda function.
So all you have to do has to happen between these lines between these methods lines.
So you're going to have to cast your actions within the handle request method as we always did with
our previous handlers with Python and no.
Yes.
And then you can create any more classes you want.
Any other operations you want.
And you can basically delegate those actions to those classes to those methods and so on.
So in our case as you can see we have a basic implementation.
Hello from Lambda which is nice because otherwise you're going to have to implement and type in all
these intricate details about Jawohl lambda functions.
So to improve this return statement a little bit.
I'm just going to say hello from Java to indicate this is a job with lambda function.
Java lambda function.
All right so now this is basically going to be our return statement from our Java lambda function and
we're ready to create a package for our lambda function right now.
So again this is the fundamental way to create and the easiest way to create Java lambda functions using
a double us and basically using DAWE AS toolkit.
So the next thing that you're going to have to do is to create the jar file so that you can upload it
to your AWOS lambda functions go and right click on your project and for them they're under the rock
as many as you can see.
You really have to first do a Mavin clean so that you can clean up your build directory and various
other unnecessary resources.
All right.
So our clean process is successful and if we go back again and right click back again under the run
as Manue to create our jar file I'm going to go and click on an install.
All right.
So with this may even install it is going to collect all the necessary dependencies to package my project
package my Alamdar function as a jar file executable jar file and then is going to provide me a jar
file so I can upload to my AWOS account.
So as you can see we have a failing test which was basically expecting Hello from Lambda and we provide
it.
Hello from Java lambda function.
So let's just go and fix that test.
So it is basically expecting this text for the response from the lambda function.
And if we go under our as our last tests last Jubba and from there if we go under the same test file
of our class and we can basically change this tax so that we can pass our test.
So this is basically how you test you'll end a function with Java and by the way we're seeing that option.
So I'm just going to go and paste it.
And of course I forgot to provide my quotation marks.
So let's just do that again.
And here we go.
So now if we go and right click on our project again and run as an Mavin install We should be successful
this time and our job package must be created.
Once this is finished and here we go our bill is successful and our D-Mo. one that 0.0 jar file is installed
under our target directory and if we go under target directory from our project browser we can see our
D-Mo. dash one that 0.03 jar file.
So this is basically the package of our lambda function for Java.
So in the next video we're going to use this char file and we're going to deploy it to a W-S.
So to do that I'll see you on the next video.